BGP-1£¨RFC 1105£©¡¢BGP-2£¨RFC 1163£©ºÍBGP-3£¨RFC 1267£©£¬BGP-4£¨RFC 1771£¬RFC 4271£©

Although it is desirable for routers to exchange routing information, it
is impractical for all routers in an arbitrarily large internet, such as
the global Internet, to participate in a single routing update protocol.

Autonomous System (AS)
For purposes of routing, a group of networks and routers controlled by a single 
administrative authority is called an Autonomous System (AS). The idea is that 
we will let each autonomous system choose its own mechanisms for discovering, 
propagating, validating, and checking the consistency of routes

The Internet is divided into autonomous systems that are each owned and operated 
by a single administrative authority. An autonomous system is free to choose an 
internal routing architecture and protocols.

To make it possible for automated routing algorithms to distinguish among autonomous 
systems,each is assigned an autonomous system number by the central authority 
that is  charged with assigning all Internet numbers. 

an autonomous system configures one or more of its routers to communicate with 
routers in other autonomous systems. First, the router must collect information 
about networks inside its autonomous system and pass the information out. Second, 
the router must accept information about networks in other autonomous system(s) 
and disseminate the information inside. 

Border Gateway Protocol (BGP)
we use the term Exterior Gateway Protocol(EGP) to denote any protocol used to 
pass network reachability information between two autonomous systems. Currently, 
a single EGP is used to exchange reachability information in the Internet. Known 
as the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP), it has evolved through four (quite different) 
versions. Each version is numbered, which gives rise to the formal name of the 
current version, BGP-4. Following standard practice in the networking industry, 
we will use the term BGP in place of BGP-4.

When a pair of autonomous systems agree to use BGP to exchange routing information, 
each must designate a router that will speak BGP on its behalf; the two routers
are said to become BGP peers of one another. Because a router speaking BGP must
communicate with a peer in another autonomous system, it makes sense to select a
machine that is near the border (i.e., the edge) of the autonomous system. Hence, 
BGP terminology calls the router a border gateway or border router. 