    ICMP is anerror reporting mechanism.
    In an internet, a sender cannot tell whether a delivery failure resulted from a malfunction of the local network or a 
failure of a system somewhere along the path to a destination. Debugging in such an environment becomes extremely difficult. 
The IP protocol itself contains nothing to help the sender test connectivity or learn about failures.
    To allow routers in an internet to report errors or provide information about unexpected circumstances, the designers added 
a special-purpose mechanism to the TCP/IP protocols. Known as theInternet Control Message Protocol (ICMP), the mechanism is 
considered a required part of IP and must be included in every IP implementation.
    The Internet Control Message Protocol allows routers to send error or control messages back to the source of a datagram that 
caused a problem. ICMP messages are not usually delivered to applications. We think of ICMP as providing communication between 
an ICMP module on one machine and an ICMP module on another.ICMP might inform an application or a higher-level protocol about 
an incoming message.

    ICMP was initially designed to allow routers to report the cause of delivery errors to hosts, but ICMP is not restricted 
exclusively to routers. Although guidelines specify that some ICMP messages should only be sent by routers, an arbitrary 
machine can send an ICMP message to any other machine. Thus, a host can use ICMP tocorrespond with a router or another host. 
The chief advantage of allowing hosts to use ICMP is that it provides a single mechanism used for all control and information messages.

ICMP只报错不修复错误
    When a datagram causes an error, ICMP can only report the error condition back to the original source of the datagram; the 
source must relate the error to an individual application program or take other action to correct the problem.
    ICMP报文如果发生错误，不再报错。

ICMP封装
    Each ICMP message travels across an internet in the payload portion of an IP datagram, which itself travels across an 
underlying network in the payload portion of a frame.
    When an ICMP message is carried in the payload area of an IPv4 datagram, thePROTOCOLfield is set to 1. IPv6 uses the NEXT 
HEADER field to specify the type of the item being carried. When an ICMP message is carried in the payload area of an IPv6 
datagram, theNEXT HEADERfield of the header that is previous to the ICMP message contains 58.