-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-c  3.2 Options Controlling the Kind of Output
    Compile or assemble the source files, but do not link. The linking stage simply -
	is not done. The ultimate output is in the form of an object file for each source 
	file. By default, the object file name for a source file is made by replacing the 
	suffix ‘.c’, ‘.i’, ‘.s’, etc., with ‘.o’. Unrecognized input files, not requiring 
	compilation or assembly, are ignored.

-S  3.2  
    Stop after the stage of compilation proper; do not assemble. The output is in the 
	form of an assembler code file for each non-assembler input file specified. By d-
	efault, the assembler file name for a source file is made by replacing the suffix 
	‘.c’, ‘.i’, etc., with ‘.s’. Input files that don’t require compilation are igno-
	red.

3.4 Options Controlling C Dialect	
-std= 
    Determine the language standard. -std=c99 -std=gnu99
	
3.8 Options to Request or Suppress Warnings
-Wall 
    This enables all the warnings about constructions that some users consider quest-
	ionable, and that are easy to avoid (or modify to prevent the warning), even in -
	conjunction with macros.

3.9 Options for Debugging Your Program or GCC
-g
    Produce debugging information in the operating system’s native format(stabs,COFF, 
	XCOFF, or DWARF 2). GDB can work with this debugging information.
-ggdb 
    Produce debugging information for use by GDB. This means to use the most express-
	ive format available (DWARF 2, stabs, or the native format if neither of those a-
	re supported), including GDB extensions if at all possible.
-print-search-dirs
    Print the name of the configured installation directory and a list of program an-
	d library directories gcc searches—and don’t do anything else.
-print-file-name=library
    Print the full absolute name of the library file library that would be used  when
    linking—and don’t do anything else. With this option, GCC does not compile or li-
	nk anything; it just prints the file name.	
	
In general , increasing the level of optimization makes the final program run faster, 
but at  a risk of increased compilation time and difficulties running debugging tools 
on the code. As we will also see, invoking higher levels of optimization can generate 
code that is so heavily transformed that the relationship between the generated mach-
ine code and the original source code is difficult to understand. 	
	
-O1 3.10 Options That Control Optimization
    apply level-one optimizations. 
	

-masm=dialect 3.17.17 Intel 386 and AMD x86-64 Options
    Output assembly instructions using selected dialect.Supported choices are ‘intel’ 
	or ‘att’ (the default). Darwin does not support ‘intel’.	

3.11 Options Controlling the Preprocessor	
-Werror 
    Make all warnings into hard errors. Source code which triggers warnings will be -
	rejected.	
	
3.13 Options for Linking
-shared 
    Produce a shared object whichemitemit can then be linked with other objects to f-
	orm an executable.
-Wl,option
    Pass option as an option to the linker. If option contains commas, it is split i-
	nto multiple options at the commas. You can use this syntax to pass an argument -
	to the option. For example, ‘-Wl,-Map,output.map’ passes ‘-Map output.map’ to th-
	e linker. When using the GNU linker, you can also get the same effect with 
	‘-Wl,-Map=output.map’.
	
3.18 Options for Code Generation Conventions
-fPIC 
    If supported for the target machine, emit position-independent code, suitable fo-
	r dynamic linking and avoiding any limit on the size of the global offset table.	
	

	
	